



Dispersed Connection - Abhinav's Portfolio











Hi, I am Abhinav (or Alex)!  Thanks for checking in!I built this website using Django to Serve My ML Projects Jump right in to my latest Deep Learning project based on PyTorch:
MELANOMA & LESIONS CLASSIFIER

This Deep Learning Model will return the type of cancer/skin liason in the photo of a deseased skin patch you upload. You may navigate to it by clicking the button below me!

Skin Desease Classifier



The code for this website here: https://github.com/abhinavt0681/dispersedConnectioned




















I am a Machine Learning Engineer
							I Develop & Deploy Automated Machine Learning solutions for Humans
This Website is the union of the technologies I know to serve something useful.
All the complexities are buried, and only relevant parts are exposed in simple language so it can be fully used by a very distracted 21st-century individual.
The code for this website can be cloned using: 
git clone https://github.com/abhinavt0681/dispersedConnectioned
The website is built using Django. Each application is its own Dockerized microservice, communicating with the website using FastAPI.
Each Machine Learning/Deep Learning application was trained by me, on my little laptop.
My Deep Learning stack includes:
•  CUDA 12.5
							•  PyTorch 
							•  NVidia RTX 3070 8 GiB
							•  PopOS! Based on Ubuntu 22.04 LTS
							• Anaconda

My MlOps/DevOps/CI/CD Stalk Includes:
•  Jenkins
							•  Docker
							•  Kubernetes
							•  FastAPI
							•  Git











My Name is Abhinav Tyagi, Friends call me Alex(ander)
I'm a machine Learning engineer that still dreams in C++

But now drunk on a Pytonic solution called PyTorch.




More models I trained & productionized on this website:
• Sleep Quality Rating System (Based On Random Forests)
• Melanoma and Skin Liason Classifier based on PyTorch.







Website Structure
A small bird's eye view of this website and its interaction with its microservices. The website is deployed on DigitalOcean Droplet right now (like AWS EC2).





PS: I made this illustration too. :-)






Connect with me!


Abhinav Tyagi 
					683C, Parker Street, Boston 02120 MA
					
abhinavt@bu.edu
+1-6175869406







Made by Abhinav TyagiGithub











